chore: add LLM options. (#738)
elevenlabs/elevenlabs-docs: fern/snippets/conversational-ai-tool-best-practices.mdx

<h4>LLM selection</h4>

<Warning>

>   **When using tools, we recommend picking Gemini 2.0 Flash, GPT-4o mini or Claude 3.5 Sonnet.

Author: ```suggestion
  When using tools, we recommend picking high intelligence models like GPT-4o mini or Claude 3.5 Sonnet and avoiding Gemini 1.5 Flash.
```
